okay in this segment we're going to
cover installing the tensioner and this
is really a crucial part of the change
system and it is real crucial because
it's what keeps all the slack out of the
chain and the chain fitting is tight
it's possible to attire the tighter that
chain fits to the tire the better it's
going to ride on the tire the better
handling you're gonna have traction ride
quality and it also keeps everything
real snug so you don't have any loose
portion of the chain flopping around and
potentially damaging your vehicle and
that does happen quite often irregular
if you should experience a failure where
you start hearing smacking sound a
broken link or broken tensioner or
whatever the situation may be the second
shoe here get pulled over as quickly as
possible and address that issue because
it's just going to rapidly deteriorate
the chain and your vehicle by letting
that go and if the chains come off they
can wrap around the drive axels cause
all kinds of other problems this for
things you live is tricky here okay what
I'm going to do now is you can see it's
kind of out of Center out around more or
less I'm just going to make some
adjustments kind of slide everything in
a position and move the chain around so
it gets good and centered reaching
around the back side checking the inner
bead of the chain that comes around
you'll have a nice circle loop on the
back side make sure it's nice and tight
you'll want to get up and get any
inspection from the front on the inside
make sure there's nothing in this way
it's not going to hit on anything then
they just slowly work to chain around so
it all fits nice and uniform basically
all the tie-down points where the links
come in are all pretty much centered in
the same location around the tire you're
not going to have as much movement down
the bottom
then as you get going it will kind of
Center itself too and make some minor
adjustments and that's basically what
we're looking for it's still not exactly
perfect and then you just want to go
around to the other side and duplicate
the same thing okay now we've got chain
on tensioner on correctly and
everything's set up and ready to go
please watch our next segment and I'll
cover the safety requirements and some
winter driving tips on safe operation
which change on your vehicle